Bigquery lineage [sc-6365] (#147)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/bigquery/lineage/README.md

# BigQuery Usage Statistics Connector

> This connector extracts BigQuery lineage information from a Google cloud project using [Python Client for Cloud Logging](https://googleapis.dev/python/logging/latest/index.html). It computes dataset lineage from BigQuery jobChange event from the [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services).

Reviewer: Is there a good link for "jobChange event"?

Author: updated

> This connector extracts BigQuery lineage information from a Google cloud project using [Python Client for Cloud Logging](https://googleapis.dev/python/logging/latest/index.html). It computes usage statistics from BigQuery data read event from the [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector extracts BigQuery lineage information from a Google cloud project using [Python Client for Cloud Logging](https://googleapis.dev/python/logging/latest/index.html). It computes dataset lineage from BigQuery data read event from the [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services).
```

Author: good catch, updated

## Setup

> Create a [Service Accounts](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts) based on the [Setup](../README.md#Setup) guide for the general BigQuery connector. You'll need to grant additional permissions to the account to view the [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services). You can add the `Private Logs Viewers` role to your service account or add the following permissions to the custom IAM role your service account bind with:

Reviewer: No need to link to `audit log` again.

```text
logging.logEntries.list
logging.logs.list
logging.logServiceIndexes.list
logging.logServices.list
logging.privateLogEntries.list
resourcemanager.projects.get
```

See [Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/access-control#console_permissions) for more information.

## Config File

The config file inherits all the required and optional fields from the general BigQuery connector [Config File](../README.md#config-file). In addition, you can specify the following configurations:

```yaml
# (Optional) Number of days of logs to extract for lineage analysis. Default to 30.

> lookback_days: <days>

Reviewer: ?

> # (Optional) A list of users whose queries will be excluded from the lineage extraction 

Reviewer: ?
